docs/Navbar.md, before:

# `Navbar` (component)

Used to redirect users to the main topics.

## Props

| property    | propType   | required | default | description                                                   |
| ----------- | ---------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| bg          | `string`   | -        |         | Determines the navbar background color                        |
| brand       | `Brand`    | yes      |         | Determines the hospital/clinic name to be shown at the navbar |
| buttonColor | `'primary' |

| 'secondary'
| 'success'
| 'warning'
| 'danger'
| 'info'
| 'light'
| 'dark'`|-||Defines the button variant. By default is primary| |navLinks|`NavLink[]`|yes||Determines the links names, theirs onClick methods and paths. It has children array which contain links to be used on a dropdown.| |onSeachButtonClick|`(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLButtonElement, MouseEvent>) => void`|yes||Handles the on click search button event| |onSearchTextBoxChange|`(
event: React.FormEvent<ReplaceProps<'input', BsPrefixProps<'input'> & FormControlProps>>,
) => void`|yes||Handles the on change search form event| |variant|`'light' | 'dark'`|-||Determines the letters color. It should be combined with the background color (bg)|

Commit message:

feat(navbar): add customizable search placeholder/button text
add customizable search placeholder/button text and label color

feat

docs/Navbar.md, after:

# `Navbar` (component)

Used to redirect users to the main topics.

## Props

| property    | propType   | required | default | description                                                   |
| ----------- | ---------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| bg          | `string`   | -        |         | Determines the navbar background color                        |
| brand       | `Brand`    | yes      |         | Determines the hospital/clinic name to be shown at the navbar |
| searchPlaceholderText | string | no | 'Search' | Defines search placeholder text | 
| searchButtonText | string | no | 'Search' | Defines search button text | 
| buttonColor | 'primary' | no | 'primary' | Defines the button variant |
|| 'secondary'  
|| 'success' 
|| 'warning'
|| 'danger'
|| 'info'
|| 'light'
|| 'dark'
| navLinks | `NavLink[]` | yes| |Determines the links names, theirs onClick methods and paths. It has children array which contain links to be used on a dropdown.| 
| onSeachButtonClick | `(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLButtonElement, MouseEvent>) => void`| yes | | Handles the on click search button event| 
| onChangeSearchInput | `(event: React.FormEvent<ReplaceProps<'input', BsPrefixProps<'input'> & FormControlProps>>,) => void` | yes | | Handles the on change search form event | 
| variant | `'light' | 'dark'`| - | | Determines the letters color. It should be combined with the background color (bg) |
